# TaskBuilder
A framework for building complex programs based upon more simple well-defined ones

## Features
* Supports virtually any language running on Unix platform.
* Allows the ability to mix different parts of code written in different languages to perform a task.
* Runs on any platform that supports bash shell.

## Language
* Java
* bash

## Usage
* Install bash, Java Runtime Environment (JRE), any compilers, libraries necessary for compiling and running code in command line interface.
* Download binary file https://github.com/voquangphu/TaskBuilder/blob/master/directory/TaskBuilder.jar
* Setup development enviroment (see below).
* Start using by providing simple programs, task building rules, task parameters... (more below).

## Environment setup
* Create a working directory (i.e. ~/TaskBuilder)
* Copy TaskBuilder.jar into working directory.
* Copy the default config file https://github.com/voquangphu/TaskBuilder/blob/master/out/production/TaskBuilder/config into working directory.
* Assuming using the default config file, create the following files and folders in working directory.
  * <i>action-map</i> file: mapping of actions and simple actions from which they are created. An action can have multiple inputs and one output. The file format can be referenced here: https://github.com/voquangphu/TaskBuilder/blob/master/out/production/TaskBuilder/action-map
  * <i>command-list</i> file: list of commands to perform. The commands are then parsed accordingly to action-map definition and executed. The file format can be referenced here: https://github.com/voquangphu/TaskBuilder/blob/master/out/production/TaskBuilder/command-list
  * <i>actions</i> folder: contains binary executable files of the simple programs (i.e. .class Java files)
  * <i>memory</i> folder: where task builder generates and stores temporary files and output files.

## Configuration
* Files and folders (all locations are relative path)
  * <i>action-map</i> file
  * <i>command-list</i> file
  * <i>action-base</i> folder
  * <i>output-script</i> file (script generated by TaskBuilder to execute)
  * <i>action-base</i> folder
  * <i>memory</i> folder
* Runtime configuration
  * <i>runtime</i>: bash command to execute binary files, multiple commands can be supported (i.e. java|python)
  * <i>extension</i>: corresponding file extension to be searched for execution <i>runtime</i> (i.e. .class|.py)
  * <i>prefix</i>: optional prefix to be added to filename for execution (i.e. java:actions.|python:)
  * <i>suffix</i>: optional parameter, used to change file extension for execution, i.e. Java .class file can only be executed using class name only, so .class is not needed and this option could be used to set execution to remove .class in execution script (i.e. java:|python:.py)
  * <i>argument</i>: arguments for execution (i.e. java:-cp /srv/production/TaskBuilder|python:)
